today marks my three year anniversary of
uploading videos here on youtube so i
thought it would be interesting to show
you guys all the videos for which i
never pressed upload
let's go
what is up guys karma medic here and
welcome back to another
dose as you may have been able to tell
from me walking back and forth in my
room i'm really trying to memorize
things
what i'm trying to do is learn how to
[Music]
beatbox
i want to boost the productivity out
there in the world by sharing
five things you can do right now in
quarantine that you will thank yourself
for
later all right now if you're a student
like me i can almost
guarantee that you've got a bunch of
these files and folders laying around
so i figured i might as well take my
laptop on my ipad and get in a full day
of studying at the hospital library
all my stuff here i've got a nice empty
room to myself
and i'm just struggling to study
i feel very burnt out right now
so in very exciting news i've actually
been invited by microsoft
to attend one of their live events where
i can see the laptops and tablets that
they're going to be releasing later this
year
about a month before they get released
to the public so we're 1800 meters
high in the moroccan atlas mountains
this is insane the air is so
clear it's freezing cold
candy sarah kashy
kash takashi today i've decided to stay
at home
kind of been to the library a lot
recently and i wanted a bit of a change
let me point out
just how lucky i got when i put up this
neon sign it's
just far away enough from the wall that
it doesn't interfere with my desk lamp
and just far away enough from the
monitor stand that it doesn't actually
hit
the neon sign so i got really lucky or
maybe it was on purpose
we've just been filming a couple of
videos here and have been taking a bunch
of thumbnails now
check out oh they're so cute look at
that they look good
so i'm filming this as kind of like a
final
goodbye um to the house that we spend
spent i think 13 years in yeah 12 13
years
i drew that scorpion with my own hands
i think i went through two pencils and
like four erasers or something
just for scale
the reason i picked up the camera right
now is because we are about to hit
100 000 subscribers on youtube
1 000 subscribers
today i'm going to be talking about my
experience using instagram
my time on instagram and sort of how
it's affected my life and my way of
thinking about social media and in
today's video i'm going to be organizing
my entire room i'm going to be putting
everything back
in its place no matter how many times a
year i organize them
no matter what i do they always end up
looking like this
all right let's go
yeah it looks fine
in today's video we're going to be doing
something a little bit different this is
more of a fun video and entertaining
video
i'm gonna be reacting to and watching my
viral video the one that has the most
views on my channel
and giving you guys my live reaction and
also telling you all of the behind the
scenes things that were going on the
thinking that was in my head when
filming different shots and things like
that
it should be really really fun today i'm
going to be doing a study with me video
because i have
quite a lot to revise from my upcoming
exams i've got my cup of coffee over
here
my ipad and my laptop sitting on the
desk and yeah i'm just going to get
started and get a couple hours of
productive revision done
what is up guys karma medic here and
welcome back to another dose
today's episode of unfiltered medicine
is sponsored by cafe nero
i'm totally kidding i'm totally kidding
but if anyone's watching from nero
tell your people to talk to my people
and maybe we can figure something out so
today's episode is
really special i'm gonna be talking
about the first time that i saw a child
being born
my first child birth and yeah i'm just
really excited to talk about this one
you